[UNIT] llama-index framework - release 4/3/25 (#22)
huggingface/agents-course: units/en/unit2/llama-index/quiz2.mdx

This quiz covers agent workflows and interactions - essential components for building effective AI agents.

### Q1: What is the purpose of AgentRunner in LlamaIndex?

<Question
choices={[
{
text: "To run multiple agents simultaneously and create an agentic workflow to answer questions",
explain: "This is not the main purpose of AgentRunner.",
},
{
text: "To create new agents based on the LLM used and the tools available",
explain: "AgentRunner does not create new agents.",
},
{
text: "To automatically pick the best agent reasoning flow depending on the LLM",
explain: "AgentRunner selects the most appropriate agent reasoning flow based on the LLM being used.",
correct: true
},
{
text: "To manage agent memory and state",
explain: "Managing memory and state is not the primary purpose of AgentRunner.",
}
]}
/>

---

### Q2: What type hint is used for keeping track of the state of the workflow?

<Question
choices={[
{
text: "State",
explain: "State is not the correct type hint for workflow state management.",
},
{
text: "Context",
explain: "Context is the correct type hint used for keeping track of workflow state.",
correct: true
},
{
text: "WorkflowState",

> explain: "WorkflowState is not the correct type hint.",
> },
> {
> text: "Management",
> explain: "Management is not a valid type hint for workflow state.",
> }
> ]}
> />
> 
> ---
> 
> ### Q3: Which method should be used if you want an agent to remember previous interactions?
> 
> <Question
> choices={[
> {
> text: "query()",
> explain: "query() does not maintain conversation history.",
> },
> {
> text: "chat()",
> explain: "chat() is the correct method as it keeps a history of messages.",
> correct: true
> },
> {
> text: "interact()",
> explain: "interact() is not a valid method for agent interactions.",
> },
> {
> text: "remember()",
> explain: "remember() is not a valid method for agent interactions.",
> }
> ]}
> />
> 
> ---
> 
> ### Q4: What is a key feature of Agentic RAG?
> 
> <Question
> choices={[
> {
> text: "It can only use document-based tools, to answer questions in a RAG workflow",
> explain: "Agentic RAG can use different tools, including document-based tools.",
> },
> {
> text: "It automatically answers questions without tools, like a chatbot",
> explain: "Agentic RAG does use tools to answer questions.",
> },
> {
> text: "It can decide to use any tool to answer questions, including RAG tools",
> explain: "Agentic RAG has the flexibility to use different tools to answer questions.",
> correct: true
> },
> {
> text: "It only works with Function Calling Agents",
> explain: "Agentic RAG is not limited to Function Calling Agents.",
> }
> ]}
> />

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Q1: What is the purpose of AgentWorkflow in LlamaIndex?

<Question
choices={[
{
text: "To run one or more agents with tools",
explain: "Yes, the AgentWorkflow is the main way to quickly create a system with one or more agents.",
correct: true
},
{
text: "To create a single agent that can query your data without memory",
explain: "No, the AgentWorkflow is more capabale than that, the QueryEngine is for simple queries over your data.",
},
{
text: "To automatically build tools for agents",
explain: "The AgentWorkflow does not build tools, that is the job of the developer.",
},
{
text: "To manage agent memory and state",
explain: "Managing memory and state is not the primary purpose of AgentWorkflow.",
}
]}
/>

---

### Q2: What object is used for keeping track of the state of the workflow?

<Question
choices={[
{
text: "State",
explain: "State is not the correct object for workflow state management.",
},
{
text: "Context",
explain: "Context is the correct object used for keeping track of workflow state.",
correct: true
},
{
text: "WorkflowState",
explain: "WorkflowState is not the correct object.",
},
{
text: "Management",
explain: "Management is not a valid object for workflow state.",
}
]}
/>

---

### Q3: Which method should be used if you want an agent to remember previous interactions?

<Question
choices={[
{
text: "run(query_str)",
explain: ".run(query_str) does not maintain conversation history.",
},
{
text: "chat(query_str, ctx=ctx)",
explain: "chat() is not a valid method on workflows.",
},
{
text: "interact(query_str)",
explain: "interact() is not a valid method for agent interactions.",
},
{
text: "run(query_str, ctx=ctx",
explain: "By passing in and maintaining the context, we can maintain state!",
correct: true
}
]}
/>

---

### Q4: What is a key feature of Agentic RAG?

<Question
choices={[
{
text: "It can only use document-based tools, to answer questions in a RAG workflow",
explain: "Agentic RAG can use different tools, including document-based tools.",
},
{
text: "It automatically answers questions without tools, like a chatbot",
explain: "Agentic RAG does use tools to answer questions.",
},
{
text: "It can decide to use any tool to answer questions, including RAG tools",
explain: "Agentic RAG has the flexibility to use different tools to answer questions.",
correct: true
},
{
text: "It only works with Function Calling Agents",
explain: "Agentic RAG is not limited to Function Calling Agents.",
}
]}
/>
````
